So now that you'll learn more about components and data binding and especially how you can communicate
between your components and how lifecycle books work and so on.
You gained a lot of new knowledge which is super important for most projects are going to build including
our course project.
So in this section what we're going to do is we're going to find you and yes we're going to make sure
that we can navigate between recipes and shopping lists though our solution will add right now will
not be the final one we will improve this even more later in the course and we will make sure that we
can select recipes here and load them in a detailed section.
And generally that we have a working communication between our components.
So let's dive into this